All righty, so let's go ahead and get started
with our development process.
In this video, we'll cover step one
of creating the database tables.
Okay, so the first thing we need to do
is download the database script.
So on our browser, let's go ahead and visit the link
that's on the screen.
And this will download a ZIP file for you
to your local file system.
And let me just swing over to my file system,
moving to the Downloads directory.
And let me simply unzip the file here.
So this will give me the countries-and-states.sql file,
and so I actually want to use this file
in the MySQL workbench.
So I'll go ahead and log in here.
Take a look at my full-stack-ecommerce schema.
We only have two tables at the moment.
Let's go ahead and open that file.
That's in the Downloads directory, countries-and-states.sql.
So here's the file.
It goes through and creates tables and also inserts data.
So I'll go ahead and hit the yellow lightning bolt
here on the toolbar to execute the script,
and then I simply take a look at the bottom here.
I see all green, so that's good.
Do a Refresh All over here on the left-hand side.
And so there are new tables here,
country and state, all right, looks good.
Let's do a quick query here on that table for country,
and we see that we have the six countries,
so that's awesome.
And let's do a similar query here for state.
So these are all of the states,
but we want to only view the states for a specific country,
so I'll say where country ID equals four,
and that's for India, and then there we go,
so all of the states there for India, so this is great.
So we have our database table set up,
and also we have our data inserted into our database tables,
so this is good so far, good job.